#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --allow-unsafe --output-file=requirements/dev.txt requirements/dev.in
#
aabbtree==2.8.1
    # via -r requirements/main.in
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
anyio==3.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via ensureconda
appnope==0.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argcomplete==1.12.3
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==21.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
astropy==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements/main.in
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/main.in
    #   dessinemoi
    #   environ-config
    #   jsonschema
    #   pinttrs
    #   pytest
babel==2.9.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
black==21.11b1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
bleach==4.1.0
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   readme-renderer
bump2version==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
cerberus==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements/main.in
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi
cftime==1.5.1.1
    # via netcdf4
charset-normalizer==2.0.8
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/main.in
    #   black
    #   click-default-group
    #   conda-lock
    #   ensureconda
    #   pip-tools
    #   sphinx-book-theme
click-default-group==1.2.2
    # via conda-lock
cloudpickle==2.0.0
    # via dask
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   rich
    #   twine
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
conda-lock==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
coverage==6.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dask==2021.11.2
    # via -r requirements/main.in
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.0
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dessinemoi==21.3.0
    # via -r requirements/main.in
docutils==0.16
    # via
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rst2pdf
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-panels
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
ensureconda==1.4.1
    # via conda-lock
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
environ-config==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements/main.in
execnet==1.9.0
    # via pytest-xdist
filelock==3.4.0
    # via ensureconda
fonttools==4.28.2
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2021.11.1
    # via dask
iapws==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements/main.in
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
imagesize==1.3.0
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==4.8.2
    # via
    #   argcomplete
    #   astropy
    #   ipykernel
    #   jsonschema
    #   keyring
    #   pep517
    #   pint
    #   pluggy
    #   pytest
    #   rst2pdf
    #   twine
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via jsonschema
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.6.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
ipython==7.30.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
isort==5.10.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   conda-lock
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   rst2pdf
    #   sphinx
json5==0.9.6
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.2.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.9.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.12.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
jupyterlab==3.2.4
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.8.2
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.2
    # via ipywidgets
keyring==23.4.0
    # via twine
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
latexcodec==2.0.1
    # via pybtex
locket==0.2.1
    # via partd
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/main.in
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
mock==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
nbclassic==0.3.4
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.5.9
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
netcdf4==1.5.8
    # via -r requirements/main.in
notebook==6.4.6
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.21.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/main.in
    #   astropy
    #   cftime
    #   matplotlib
    #   netcdf4
    #   pandas
    #   pyerfa
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   xarray
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   dask
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   pint
    #   pytest
    #   rst2pdf
    #   setuptools-scm
    #   sphinx
pandas==1.3.4
    # via
    #   seaborn
    #   xarray
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
partd==1.2.0
    # via dask
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pep517==0.12.0
    # via pip-tools
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.4.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   reportlab
pint==0.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements/main.in
    #   pinttrs
pinttrs==21.3.1
    # via -r requirements/main.in
pip-tools==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pkginfo==1.8.2
    # via twine
platformdirs==2.4.0
    # via black
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.12.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.23
    # via ipython
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-forked
pybtex==0.24.0
    # via
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pybtex-docutils==1.0.1
    # via sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.8.2
    # via conda-lock
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.7.2
    # via sphinx-book-theme
pyerfa==2.0.0.1
    # via astropy
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
    #   rst2pdf
    #   sphinx
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tests.in
    #   pytest-forked
    #   pytest-json-report
    #   pytest-metadata
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-forked==1.3.0
    # via pytest-xdist
pytest-json-report==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
pytest-metadata==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tests.in
    #   pytest-json-report
pytest-xdist==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/main.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   conda-lock
    #   dask
    #   pybtex
    #   sphinx-book-theme
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
readme-renderer==30.0
    # via twine
regex==2021.11.10
    # via black
reportlab==3.6.3
    # via rst2pdf
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   conda-lock
    #   ensureconda
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via twine
rfc3986==1.5.0
    # via twine
rich==10.15.2
    # via -r requirements/main.in
rst2pdf==0.98
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
ruamel.yaml==0.17.17
    # via -r requirements/main.in
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.6
    # via ruamel.yaml
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/main.in
    #   iapws
    #   seaborn
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements/main.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
setuptools-scm==6.3.2
    # via matplotlib
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   latexcodec
    #   pybtex
    #   python-dateutil
smartypants==2.0.1
    # via rst2pdf
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.in
    #   -r requirements/tests.in
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-gallery
    #   sphinx-panels
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
sphinx-book-theme==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinx-copybutton==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinx-gallery==0.10.1
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinx-panels==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-bibtex==2.4.1
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via -r requirements/tests.in
terminado==0.12.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
tinydb==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/docs.in
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   conda-lock
    #   pytest
tomli==1.2.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   pep517
    #   setuptools-scm
toolz==0.11.2
    # via
    #   dask
    #   partd
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/main.in
    #   twine
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
twine==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
typed-ast==1.5.0
    # via black
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   black
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   pydantic
    #   rich
    #   tinydb
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websocket-client==1.2.1
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.37.0
    # via pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==3.5.2
    # via ipywidgets
xarray==0.19.0
    # via -r requirements/main.in
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
    #   pep517

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
pip==21.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pip-tools
setuptools==59.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   cerberus
    #   ipython
    #   pip-tools
    #   setuptools-scm
    #   sphinx
    #   xarray
